Rofl public vars (#705)
oasisprotocol/cli: docs/rofl.md

![code shell](../examples/rofl/secret-rm.in.static)

## Public variables management {#public-var}

> Public variables are stored unencrypted in ROFL app metadata and exposed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public variables are stored unencrypted in ROFL app metadata and on-chain. They are exposed to
```

> containers as environment variables. Use `rofl secret` for confidential values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containers as environment variables. Use [`rofl secret`] to store confidential values.

[`rofl secret`]: #secret
```
